Adds A Link (#16059)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/marketplace/_index.md

To request access to the private Marketplace repository, email <a href="mailto:marketplace@datadoghq.com">marketplace@datadoghq.com</a>. A Marketplace offering requires files and information such as pricing plans. Once you have been granted access, you can review an [example pull request][12] in the Marketplace repository with annotations and best practices.

> For more information, see [Develop a Marketplace Offering][].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Develop a Marketplace Offering][13].
```

> For more information, see [Develop a Marketplace Offering][13].

Author: ```suggestion
To get stated with creating an offering on the Datadog Marketplace, see [Develop a Marketplace Offering][13].
```
